c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Blank.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\CanMove.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Car.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Concrete.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\CursorBlue.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\CursorRed.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\CursorWhite.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Error.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Grass.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\LongGrass.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\NotSelectable.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Overlay.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Player.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Content\Selectable.xnb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\FirstGL.exe
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\FirstGL.pdb
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\obj\Debug\FirstGL.exe
c:\users\melissa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstGL\FirstGL\obj\Debug\FirstGL.pdb
